Battle Plan


Look for examples of Atom snippets, where they are more than one snippet per text/HTML etc.

Voice commands to add:
- "insert after three underscores"

- Deleting between delimiters, such as the text in a link


Overall
•	adding the text: have fun with it!
•	add new navigation/selection commands as I go – that should be my focus, not getting it done quickly
•	create functions to encapsulate the work I'll do frequently, such as highlighting sample code

Start with basic recipe overview,
including core idea: abstract map

abstract map page:
(fix the visual hierarchy of the headers)
"there are plenty of tools to create detailed maps. But what if you want to do something more abstract? Excel/Tableau can't hack it, but D3 can get it done"
or just: "here's something you can't do in Excel/tableau…"


Abstract State Map: the Basic Recipe

Now It's Your Turn…
•           Change which states are selected (here's how)
•           change the color of the normal and selected states (here's how)
if you're not sure how, go back to the recipe steps for ___ and ___and check out the code.


Recipe Variation #1: Scores
In the basic recipe, you just gave the page a list of which states to select. Sometimes that useful – e.g., if you have a list of states who didn't have gay marriage. But more often you want to select based on some data, such as highlighting scores
(do short version on top page, slightly longer version on the recipe page)


Recipe Variation #2: Reading Scores from a CSV File
most the time, you will want to read the scores in from a CSV file – from Excel, etc. That way you don't have to change the data visualization at all, just get a new copy of the data and you're good to go




custom grid  --> abstract map
"to create a grid, you’ll need:
the row and column of the state
the name of the state"
"a variable won’t cut it, so an array of objects"
(Google JavaScript data types, and to get names right)
NOTE:
D3.select("div").style…  .Background color…    .on("click", function());
e.g.: function () {console.log("you clicked a div")});

Recipe Steps:
instead of doing array, then create rectangles as a separate step,
put them together as one step


– – – – – –





THINGS I NEED TO FIGURE OUT
- delete between two delimiters
- how to navigate to and open files

-beautify scripts?
-How to move around large chunks of text: early in the week: get on the discussion list and ask for advice
